Hello everyone, and welcome to the fourth course of our
self-driving car specialization. In this course,
we're going to focus on motion planning problems, as well as some of the techniques we can use to solve them. At a very high level, the motion planning problem is the task of generating
the path and velocities required to get the autonomous car from
point A to point B. To do this, we will
require the perception and sensing information we
described in previous courses. As motion planning requires having knowledge of
the surrounding cars, pedestrians, and other obstacles
in the environment. Because of the complexity
of the problem, it is common to decompose the planning problem into
smaller sub-problems. In this course, we will focus on three-stage hierarchy
of mission planning, which involves map level
navigation which you are likely familiar with from planning trips with online mapping tools, behavior planning which ensures our driving behavior follows
the rules of the road, and local planning which ensures our paths are smooth
and collision-free. Once we've introduced the
motion planning problem as well as our planning
hierarchy in module one, we will focus on methods
to solve each of the planning
sub-problems throughout the rest of the course. In module two, we will discuss mapping in the context
of autonomous driving, as well as how we
represent static obstacles that our planner must avoid
during the planning process. Both of these maps are
necessary components for generating a safe trajectory
for our autonomous vehicle. Next, we will focus on mission
planning in module three, which is the highest level part
of our planning problem. We will use the maps
generated in module two, to navigate as efficiently as possible to our destination. Moving to module four, we will focus on how the
autonomous vehicle interacts with other moving agents
in the driving scene, which is a complex task
that is essential to ensuring safety during
the planning process. In module five, we will focus on the sub-problem of
behavioral planning, which is the task of determining which behaviors the autonomous
vehicle should exhibit, depending on the vehicles
surrounding environment. From here, we will move to
local planning in module six. Where we introduce
a reactive planner to generate trajectories
for a bicycle model, which we introduced
in course one. Finally, in module seven, we conclude by creating
a decoupled path planner and velocity profile generator that builds upon our reactive planner. It can generate paths
and velocity profiles, that can be used by an autonomous vehicle
for on-road driving. Throughout this course,
we will be giving you assignments that will test your ability to implement the sub-components of
our hierarchical motion planner. This will give you
the hands-on experience required to develop a fully integrated
motion planning system in the final course project. Where you will develop a full motion planning system
in the Carlos simulator. I hope you're as excited as I am to dive into the
motion planning problem. So let's get started.